The Costa Blanca mountains tell us hidden stories from time immemorial via their
peaks, hills and ravines. One example of this is **Mariola mountain**, with its
amazing **cave paintings**, created by the original inhabitants more than 10.000
years ago. As well as the **castles** of the region, they have stood the test of
time to tell us the tale of battles between the Kingdoms of Castilla and Aragon.

The importance of its **heritage** is only comparable to its environmental
worth. You will encounter an extraordinary **variety of aromatic and medicinal
plants**, the possibility of witnessing the rare flight of **Bonelliâ€™s eagle**
and **Griffon vulture** all of which helped the establishment of this Natural
Reserve in 2002.

We will take you to the impressive **snow wells** where you will see
exceptionally preserved examples of these constructions such as the _Cava Gran_.
We learn about their function and economic influence during the middle of the
18th century.

We enter a forest of **Yew trees** discovering why European mythology considered
the Yew as the most **magical of trees**. Considered as the oldest species in
Europe, with more than **3.000 years** of age and its incredible properties you
will be enchanted.

We finish our hike by ascending Mont Cabrer, the mountains peak at 1.390 metres
high. From here you will have the most extraordinary panoramic views.

We move to a **specially selected restaurant** where delicious **mountain
cuisine** awaits you. You meal will be prepared using **traditional** methods
and **locally grown** produce plus an excellent wine list, of course!

Last but by no means least on our return trip you might wish to extend your day
by booking a visit to an **olive oil press**. This is available at a small extra
charge. Here we will visit olive groves for a tasting session of its
international award winning oils.
